Task - 1
~~~~~~~~
1.  What is JSON?  
2.  What is HTTP Status codes?
3.  What is the meaning of 500 Status codes?
4.  What is No-Sql Databases?

Answers
~~~~~~~
1. 
JSON is an acronym for JavaScript Object Notation. 
It is an open standard file format and data interchange format that uses human-readable text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and arrays (or other serializable values). 
It is a common data format with diverse uses in electronic data interchange, including that of web applications with servers. JSON is a language-independent data format. 
The basic data types used in json are number, string, boolean, array, object, null.

2.
An HTTP status code is a server response to a browser's request. 
When a website is visited or accessed by client/user, the browser sends a request to the site's server, and the server then responds to the browser's request with a three-digit code: the HTTP status code. 
It is a message a website's server sends to the browser to indicate whether or not that request can be fulfilled. Status codes specs are set by the W3C. 
Status codes are embedded in the HTTP header of a page to tell the browser the result of its request.

3.
The HTTP status code 500 is a generic error response. 
It means that the server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request. 
This error response is a generic "catch-all" response.

4.
NoSQL originally referring to non SQL or non relational is a database that provides a mechanism for storage and retrieval of data. This data is modeled in means other than the tabular relations used in relational databases.
NoSQL databases are used in real-time web applications and big data and their use are increasing over time.
NoSQL databases come in a variety of types based on their data model. The main types are document, key-value, wide-column, and graph. They provide flexible schemas and scale easily with large amounts of data and high user loads.